README.md, before:

 
**Author**: Yafet Mulugeta 
**Project**: 10 Academy Artificial Intelligence Mastery - Week 3 
**Date**: 11 June - 17 June 2025 
 
## Overview 
This repository contains the code and analysis for the 10 Academy Week 3 challenge focused on insurance risk analytics and predictive modeling for AlphaCare Insurance Solutions (ACIS). The goal is to analyze historical car insurance claim data to identify low-risk segments, optimize premiums, and enhance marketing strategies. 
 
## Objectives 
- Perform Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) to uncover patterns in risk and profitability. 
- Conduct A/B hypothesis testing to validate risk drivers. 
- Build predictive models for claim severity and premium optimization. 
- Implement Data Version Control (DVC) for reproducible pipelines. 
 
## Repository Structure 
- `task-1/`: EDA scripts and visualizations. 
- `data/`: Placeholder for datasets (tracked with DVC in later tasks). 
- `reports/`: Interim and final reports. 
- `README.md`: Project overview and instructions. 
 
## Setup Instructions 
1. Clone the repository: 
   ```bash 
   git clone https://github.com/Yafetm/-End-to-End-Insurance-Risk-Analytics-Predictive-Modeling.git 
   ``` 
2. Install dependencies: 
   ```bash 
   pip install -r requirements.txt 
   ``` 
3. Run EDA scripts in the `task-1/` folder. 
 
## Interim Submission 
- **Deadline**: 15 June 2025, 8:00 PM UTC 
- **Deliverables**: EDA findings and GitHub repository link. 
 
## License 
MIT License

Commit message:

Initialize repository with folder structure, README, .gitignore, and CI/CD placeholder

README.md, after:

 
**Author**: Yafet Mulugeta 
**Project**: 10 Academy Artificial Intelligence Mastery - Week 3 
**Date**: 11 June - 17 June 2025 
 
## Overview 
This repository contains the code and analysis for the 10 Academy Week 3 challenge focused on insurance risk analytics and predictive modeling for AlphaCare Insurance Solutions (ACIS). The goal is to analyze historical car insurance claim data to identify low-risk segments, optimize premiums, and enhance marketing strategies. 
 
## Objectives 
- Perform Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) to uncover patterns in risk and profitability. 
- Conduct A/B hypothesis testing to validate risk drivers. 
- Build predictive models for claim severity and premium optimization. 
- Implement Data Version Control (DVC) for reproducible pipelines. 
 
## Repository Structure 
- `.github/workflows/`: CI/CD workflows 
- `src/`: Python source code 
- `notebooks/`: Jupyter notebooks for analysis 
- `tests/`: Unit tests 
- `scripts/`: Utility scripts 
- `data/`: Datasets (not tracked in Git, managed with DVC in Task 2) 
- `reports/`: Interim and final reports 
 
## Setup Instructions 
1. Clone the repository: 
   ```bash 
   git clone https://github.com/Yafetm/-End-to-End-Insurance-Risk-Analytics-Predictive-Modeling.git 
   ``` 
2. Install dependencies: 
   ```bash 
   pip install -r requirements.txt 
   ``` 
3. Run scripts in `scripts/` or notebooks in `notebooks/`. 
 
## Interim Submission 
- **Deadline**: 15 June 2025, 8:00 PM UTC 
- **Deliverables**: EDA findings and GitHub repository link. 
 
## License 
MIT License
